Update README.md (#5695)
ethereum/EIPs: README.md

Pull requests in this repository must pass automated validation checks:

> * HTML formatting and broken links are [checked](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml) using [html-proofer](https://rubygems.org/gems/html-proofer).
> * EIP front matter and formatting are [checked](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/.github/workflows/auto-review-bot.yml) using [EIP Validator](https://github.com/ethereum/eipv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HTML formatting, broken links, and EIP front matter/formatting are [checked](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml) using [html-proofer](https://rubygems.org/gems/html-proofer) and [`eipw`](https://github.com/ethereum/eipw).
* Required pull request reviews are [enforced](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/.github/workflows/auto-review-bot.yml) using [EIP-Bot](https://github.com/ethereum/EIP-Bot/).
```
